README.md, before:

# Lab 2: Try it Together - Melody Sky - Adding Images and Album Descriptions

## Description 📄
In this lab, we will enhance Melody Sky's website by adding images and album descriptions. You will learn how to use the `<img>` tag and other text tags to create well-organized content.

---

## Acceptance Criteria 📋
1. **Image Insertion:** Add images for each album using the `<img>` tag.
2. **Album Descriptions:** Add descriptions for each album using the `<p>` tag.
3. **Alt Attribute Usage:** Use the `alt` attribute for each image to improve accessibility.

---

## ToDo list ✅
**Attention**: When you complete a task, put an `x` in the middle of the brackets to mark it off your ToDo list.

1. [ ] Locate the specified position in the index.html document as instructed. Create a new `section` element at this location, and wrap all the content below this point within the newly created `section` element.
2. [ ] Create an appropriate header tag with the copy `Albums`. 

⚠️**Please Note!** All images have been provided and the names to them are in the file name.⚠️

3. [ ] Add an image for Album 1 with the `src` attribute set to a placeholder URL and the `alt` attribute set to `Album 1 Cover`.
4. [ ] Add a description for Album 1: `This is the debut album by Melody Sky, featuring hit singles and fan favorites` using the appropriate tag.
5. [ ] Add an image for Album 2 with the `src` attribute set to a placeholder URL and the `alt` attribute set to `Album 2 Cover`.
6. [ ] Add a description for Album 2: `The sophomore album by Melody Sky, showcasing a blend of new sounds and styles` using the appropriate tag.
7. [ ] Add an image for Album 3 with the `src` attribute set to a placeholder URL and the `alt` attribute set to `Album 3 Cover`.
8. [ ] Add a description for Album 3: `The third album by Melody Sky, featuring collaborations with top artists` using the appropriate tag.

🎊 **Excellent! You've added images and descriptions to Melody Sky's website.** 🎊

Commit message:

added solution code and links to images in index.html, re-edited instructions for images in README

README.md, after:

# Lab 2: Try it Together - Melody Sky - Adding Images and Album Descriptions

## Description 📄
In this lab, we will enhance Melody Sky's website by adding images and album descriptions. You will learn how to use the `<img>` tag and other text tags to create well-organized content.

---

## Acceptance Criteria 📋
1. **Image Insertion:** Add images for each album using the `<img>` tag.
2. **Album Descriptions:** Add descriptions for each album using the `<p>` tag.
3. **Alt Attribute Usage:** Use the `alt` attribute for each image to improve accessibility.

---

## ToDo list ✅
**Attention**: When you complete a task, put an `x` in the middle of the brackets to mark it off your ToDo list.

1. [ ] Locate the specified position in the index.html document as instructed. Create a new `section` element at this location, and wrap all the content below this point within the newly created `section` element.
2. [ ] Create an appropriate header tag with the copy `Albums`. 

⚠️**Please Note!** All images have been provided and the names to them are in the file name.⚠️

3. [ ] Add an image for Album 1 with the `src` attribute set to a placeholder URL and the `alt` attribute set to `(cover name from image in assets/images)`.
4. [ ] Add a description for Album 1: `This is the debut album by Melody Sky, featuring hit singles and fan favorites` using the appropriate tag.
5. [ ] Add an image for Album 2 with the `src` attribute set to a placeholder URL and the `alt` attribute set to `cover name from image in assets/images`.
6. [ ] Add a description for Album 2: `The sophomore album by Melody Sky, showcasing a blend of new sounds and styles` using the appropriate tag.
7. [ ] Add an image for Album 3 with the `src` attribute set to a placeholder URL and the `alt` attribute set to `cover name from image in assets/images`.
8. [ ] Add a description for Album 3: `The third album by Melody Sky, featuring collaborations with top artists` using the appropriate tag.

🎊 **Excellent! You've added images and descriptions to Melody Sky's website.** 🎊
